Infinispan and Quarkus blog post (#1967)
quarkusio/quarkusio.github.io: _posts/2024-05-06-quarkus-infinispan-new.adoc

---
layout: post
title: 'Quarkus and Infinispan: winner combo'

> date: 2024-04-29

Reviewer: This needs an update, together with the date in the file.

you can utilize `@CacheResult`, `@CacheInvalidate`, and `@CacheInvalidateAll` annotations
from the `quarkus-cache` extension, while storing the data in the Infinispan Server.

[source, java]
----
    @GET
    @Path("/{country}/{city}/{name}")
    @CacheResult(cacheName = "fruits")
    public ExpensiveFruitsResponse getExpensiveFruitsResponse(@PathParam("country") @CacheKey String country,
                                                              @PathParam("city") @CacheKey String city,
                                                              @PathParam("name") @CacheKey String name,
                                                              @QueryParam("metadata") String metadata) {
        invocations.incrementAndGet();
        String id = UUID.randomUUID().toString();
        String description = String.format("Fruit in city %s, with name %s", city, name);
        return new ExpensiveFruitsResponse(id, description, metadata);
    }
----

Read all about it in the https://quarkus.io/guides/cache-infinispan-reference[Infinispan Cache Extension Guide]

== Infinispan and Quarkus Langchain4j Integration

> Now, you can use Infinispan as an Embedding Store in the Quarkus Langchain 4J extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can use Infinispan as an Embedding Store in the Quarkus LangChain4j extension.
```

Infinispan has full text features thanks to a special integration with Hibernate Search.

> Plus, starting from Hibernate 7.1, Vector Search is supported. This means you can use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plus, starting from Hibernate Search 7.1, Vector Search is supported. This means you can use the
```
